Fix broken link for the Abnormal Security integration (#11928)
elastic/integrations: packages/abnormal_security/_dev/build/docs/README.md

## Requirements

> Elastic Agent must be installed. For more details, check the instructions on how to [install Elastic Agents](https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/fleet/current/elastic-agent-installation.html).

Author: @efd6 I rephrased the text to avoid any ambiguity.

> You need to install Elastic Agent. For detailed guidance, refer to the Elastic Agent [installation instructions](https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/fleet/current/elastic-agent-installation.html).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You need to have Elastic Agent installed. For detailed guidance, refer to the Elastic Agent [installation instructions](https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/fleet/current/elastic-agent-installation.html).
```
